== Simple template build for personal website

This is a simple structure build for personal blog/website. This is a Chinese 
version since the customer request. Will add I18n latter for international language.

The database is using default SQLITE3 because of the light data. You can deploy to
heroku (have to use PostgreSQL for production). In order to deploy to heroku, please 
follow the following step:

1. First configure remote heroku branch: For more information, please visit https://devcenter.heroku.com/articles/git
       $ heroku create
       $ git remote -v
       $ heroku git:remote -a falling-wind-1624

2. Know your database attributes: Go to your https://postgres.heroku.com/databases, and find the one your just create. It will looks like:
       Host ec2-54-225-168-181.compute-1.amazonaws.com
       Database dsabcd1234jk
       User abcdefgh
       Port 1234
       Password HASH

3. Copy all of them to the config/database.yml file:
       production:
          adapter: postgresql
          encoding: unicode
          ...

4. Deploy code:
       $ git push heroku master

5. Migrate database table if any:
        $ heroku run rake db:migrate

== How to use

There are two links for this simple website. One is for website admin, one is for other viewers.

* For admin, go to https://yourwebsite.com/admin to login;
* For other viewers, just go to https://yourwebsite.com to view;

There is a hidden link to create the admin username and password: Yes, like the comment said, uncomment them out.

1. Go to config/routes.rb file. You will see the following 3 lines:
      # If you want to create a new username and password, please uncomment the following two lines out.
      # get "sign_up" => "users#new", :as => "sign_up"
      # resources :users
    

2. Go to https://yourwebsite.com/sign_up. Set up your favorate username and password. What you set will be the username and password for future Admin login.

3. Please go to config/routes.rb file, comment those code again. Since you don't want anybody to be the superuser for your website.


== Structure 

The blog contains static pages and dynamic pages. Using ruby on rails as a framwork.

Usually there are some pages like home, contact us, resume, personal information are static page.
So here I use a StaticController to redirect all those static pages.

The database just contains 3 tables: post, comment, and user:
* Only admin can edit, delete, update the articles you post.
* Anybody can leave comment for your articles.
* User contains session and compare username and password hash when login for authenticate.


== Others

Even though the code is successfully configure twitter-bootstrap-rails gem file under rails version 3.2*,
but failed to configure under rails version 4.0. So here I make bootstrap from CDN directly to avoid version issue.
In this case, if your rails version is 3(like 3.2.8), you are able to use .scss file. 
Otherwise, you can only use .css file since .scss (--rails default) is conflict with .less (--bootstrap default).